oh shit man what you doing buddy hey
yeah I didn't know those had wheels on
the side her new no no no no no we're
we're milking this dude its fuel
injected let's get this up why what
happened Lil Chris you know spectacular
things happen when you uh don't stay on
the right wheels fucking shit up regular
ah yeah it's all good so I just said I
just said Vincent under it sounded over
cuz it without the other person sitting
in here well you can see the tracks come
in like this and then they just go to
two tracks OOP so Chris you want to give
us a play-by-play an adder hey radio
still works hablas skill a muddle and it
didn't look any worse for him Oh scotch
right there do it again no come on Bo
I'm telling you without the other
person's that way you don't do well
that's a big concern over you have to
give it a minute probably flooded hello
no its fuel injected you shouldn't
so we think Chris that plays pretty good
meet me technical
yeah every time I go out with you fedex
guys
yellow wilmerding is placed
I don't worry boy